README.md, before:

# DUIToolbox

[![Version](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/v/DUIToolbox/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/DUIToolbox)
[![Platform](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/p/DUIToolbox/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/DUIToolbox)

iOS UIKit Toolbox

Created by Honza Dvorsky - http://honzadvorsky.com

The DUIToolbox is a mini library of classes useful for iOS UIKit developers.

### Constraint Factory
This class provides shortcuts for creating the most common autolayout constraints. If you find that there are some common usecases missing, please let me know and I'll be happy to add them.

### Other classes
Are documented in their header files.

## Installation

DUIToolbox is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org), to install
it simply add the following line to your Podfile:

    pod "DUIToolbox"

## Demo project

You can find a demo project in the Project folder. But don't forget to run `pod install` before building it, so that the project can use the library!

## Author

In case of any problems, shout at me on [Twitter](http://twitter.com/czechboy0), create an issue here on GitHub (or even better: fork the repo, fix it and send a pull request) or choose [any other way](http://honzadvorsky.com/contact) of contacting me.

Honza Dvorsky, http://honzadvorsky.com

## License

DUIToolbox is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Release 0.2.2 to iron out some bugs in the current main CocoaPods repo.

README.md, after:

# DUIToolbox

[![Version](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/v/DUIToolbox/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/DUIToolbox)
[![Platform](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/p/DUIToolbox/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/DUIToolbox)

iOS Toolbox

Created by Honza Dvorsky - http://honzadvorsky.com

The DUIToolbox is a mini library of classes useful for iOS developers.

### Constraint Factory
This class provides shortcuts for creating the most common autolayout constraints. If you find that there are some common usecases missing, please let me know and I'll be happy to add them.

### Other classes
Are documented in their header files. (Documentation on the way.)

## Installation

DUIToolbox is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org), to install
it simply add the following line to your Podfile:

    pod "DUIToolbox"

## Demo project

You can find a demo project in the Project folder. But don't forget to run `pod install` before building it, so that the project can use the library!

## Testbed project

This project I use for developing and testing of DUIToolbox. It might not build for you as I use some libraries which are NOT included in the source (e.g. Reveal). If it works for you or if you tweak it to work, good for you. If not, sorry but I can't spend time on fixing it. If you want to see DUIToolbox API's in action, see *Demo project* above.

## Author

In case of any problems, shout at me on [Twitter](http://twitter.com/czechboy0), create an issue here on GitHub (or even better: fork the repo, fix it and send a pull request) or choose [any other way](http://honzadvorsky.com/contact) of contacting me.

Honza Dvorsky, http://honzadvorsky.com

## License

DUIToolbox is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
